what is all people of all different
types of ages races genders and yes even
you are those species out there watching
this video my name is Omega Pro and let
us get straight on with the Dragon Ball
Z movie speculation what we're going to
be speculating about is the possibility
of Super Saiyan 3 Vegeta now in the
original anime Super Saiyan 3 Vegeta
never happened because around that time
we're go ku learned Super Saiyan 3
Vegeta was off getting his fucking mind
controlled and trying to you know blow
Buu up and all that other bullshit he
just never got the chance to go super
saiyan 3 and then directly afterwards i
mean unless you count some of the like
movies and stuff like that but
afterwards GT happened and then he just
skipped Super Center he was I oh I'm
Super Saiyan 4 because machines this
could be a Vegeta redeeming movie um I
know that this has been speculation
going around that the next DBZ project
would give Vegeta more remain role and I
cannot see a better way than to let's be
Prince of all motherfucking Saiyans go
super saiyan 3 this man deserves so much
more I can totally understand why people
disliked GT because it was it was
essentially Dragon Ball Goku time that's
what GT stands for shadow so the person
I said that in my livestream one time
but GT was just straight-up all about
Goku Vegeta got so so robbed and it's
just I want more Vegeta hype I want to
see something like a Super Saiyan 3
Vegeta give us something with Vegeta ok
we know Goku's a badass we know Gohan
was a badass before he started fucking
night I don't know doing math equations
and being the same man in bullshit we
know that Vegeta is the man everybody
loves Vegeta Vegeta is the only guy on
the Z warriors that is a real
motherfucker you know gopas I Oh I'm
pure and I'm gonna like you know
yeah that like everybody else eh yeah
yeah heart of the cards man what the
fuck and she was like all you bitches
are straight-up stupid I am the Prince
of all motherfucking sayings I run this
joint I'm gonna get super saiyan 3 in
the new DBZ movie it needs to happen at
this point I'm just I'm tired of it man
like if another the Vegeta's moment in
battle of gods got me so hype can we all
agree on that that Vegeta's moment in
battle of gods was like the best of all
time and that wasn't even like the best
moment that Vegeta could have had you
know he can get so much more based Akira
please do this for the youngest we need
a minute what do you guys think about a
Super Saiyan 3 Vegeta or on anything
Vegeta damn it let me know in the
comment section and down below leave a
like rating if you're excited for this
if you want the possibility of a Super
Saiyan 3 Vegeta or in anything goddamn
Vegeta
let it happen just leave a like rating
guys I hope you enjoyed this video I
will see you in the next one thank you
so much for watching